well I had you there internet people
it's Bo again so today we're gonna talk
about sharing something I thought most
people understood thought they learned
about it at a young age from PBS I guess
not if you've been watching the news
cycle you know there's a whole bunch of
stories out about sharing specifically
sharing information and times like these
when it's really important to share
information so tonight we will talk
about sharing okay so if you've missed
it the white house's media machine has
been working overtime running around the
clock to put out the message that none
of this is the president's fault because
early on another nation may possibly
have failed to share less than reliable
information okay Trump's blameless he
did nothing wrong
because China may have failed to share
less than reliable information he take
away but the fact that they may or may
not have done that doesn't really matter
because apparently we got the
information from another source but we
didn't act on it anyway because Jared
Kushner shared the information that if
our response was good that might scare
the stock market and we can't have that
but the messaging for the last couple
weeks has been it's like super important
to share information in times like these
and yes that's true it is China probably
should have shared even the less than
reliable information because it could
have helped peace stuff together in
other places this is a global thing yeah
I will I will agree with the White
House's messaging there
so now we come to today American
researchers have been warned by the FBI
that China may be attempting to steal
their research their information and
will provided advice on how to beef up
security to make sure that doesn't
happen if you are a die-hard Trump
supporter take as much time with that as
you need to pause the video roll it
around I would suggest that if other
nations are attempting to steal the
information we're probably not sharing
it in times like these when it's super
important to share information they're
not going to crowdsource that
information they're not going to
crowdsource the research they're not
going to try to get other points of view
in on it because we got to monetize it
we got to make a buck information
related to to what amounts to a cure
we're not going to share it because we
ought to make money it doesn't matter
that failing to share it may delay
development and in that time that it's
delayed we're gonna suffer loss that
doesn't matter because we got to make
some money
we can't even say that it's not
intentional the researchers are getting
advice from the government on how to
make sure we keep the information secret
we keep it secured it that's probably a
really good indication that we need to
take a hard hard look at our society in
our system in times like these when
lives literally hang in the balance
money is what matters and the weight of
the US government will back up the idea
that it's okay to delay to make a few
extra bucks it's probably something we
want to look at anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night